Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 83c9bf38-ed45-45b6-b1da-daba46a44656
Review date: April 15, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max
Version reviewed: 1.0

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to premium subscription but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your In-App Purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.

Resources 

- Learn more about how to offer In-App Purchases.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review